Hey, stop!
I said stop!
Would you cut it out already!
Is that Tiger?
No! It's the person we were
persuaded to believe was him!
Who are you?!
You aren't getting off with a few
minor burns after what you pulled!
Guess I have no choice.
Let's do this!
[suit]
Good Luck Mode.
[grunting]
[both grunting]
Dammit.
[both screaming]
[panting]
Barnaby. Come on, you still
can't remember who I am?!
No, and your yammering
is starting to annoy me.
Wait, hold up.
There's no point in
continuing on like this.
Oh, so you're finally surrendering?
Instead, let's try... this!
That pain feels kind of
familiar, doesn't it?
Yeah, I bet that
jogged your memory.
Well it damn well should.
It's the pain of friendship.
That was a cheap shot.
You thought you'd win
with a sucker punch?
What? No wait,
That's not--
[grunts]
That didn't quite work
like I thought it would...
Come on!
You mean you forgot all the good times
we had together just like that?!
You're a lot further gone
than I thought you were.
[panting]
Like when we first met?
That day couldn't
have gone any worse.
Out of the blue they made
me team up with you.
I mean, at first, I hated the whole idea.
After all, why did I, Wild Tiger,
have to partner with
some smart-ass, hotshot kid?
[sigh] But y'know what? As time went on,
I started to get to know you better.
And before I knew it, well, it felt like
we were always meant to be teammates.
Ah, the two of us had some pretty good
times together, didn't we?
[grunting painfully]
I know you're in there.
C'mon Barnaby, don't
look at me like that.
[choking up]
Please, man, ya gotta remember...
You're my partner!
And we were the
best team ever--!
Shut up!
How dare you dishonor
Wild Tiger's name!
I have to do this,
for Samantha.
[suit]
Good Luck.
So this is how it ends, huh?
Take care, Lil' Bunny.
How many times must I tell you?
The name is Barnaby, not Bunny.
What? Why did I just say that?
What's going on? Tiger?
You're back? You know who I am?!
Huh? Well obviously.
But don't try to change
the subject, old man,
I really don't appreciate it when you
call me "Bunny," okay?
Hm...
I am not a Bunny! My name is Barnaby!
You must really hate that nickname.
I'm glad you do.
What?
It's about time.
You're you again!
Uh, what the heck are
you talking about?
So, you remember me, right?
Were you listening to me, Old Man?
I asked you first.
Kotetsu?
[laughing]
Hey, come on now-?!
-Ah, that's my buddy!
-Are you crying?
-That's my pal!
-You're hurting me!
-Just like old times!
-What is wrong with you?
-It's great to have you back.
-You've really lost it, Kotetsu...
I had hoped the boy might still
be of some use to my plan. What a shame.
But no matter. I just have to
prepare the other subject.
That's right...
Maverick did this.
Hold on a sec,
you already knew that he was behind it?
Yes. But he took care of that.
Right after I found out what he
had done, he wiped my memory.
I'm so sorry.
Hm?
I turned against you, Kotetsu.
I betrayed you. My own partner--
Ah don't worry about it, buddy.
You were under Maverick's
control the whole time.
All these years,
he's been using me as a pawn.
[tires screeching]
Need a lift?
What're you doing here Ben?
Hey, that's the greeting I get?
I was worried sick about you Kotetsu!
I rushed all the way from
home to help you out!
How'd you know
where I was?
C'mon, I drive a cab, I can
find anything in this city.
Who's this?
Oh, he was my boss
at the last company I worked for--
Hey, forget all that!
What's the game plan, you guys?
Game plan?
I think it’s time to get to work.
-You got that right.
-Yeah.
Then get your ass in the cab!
I'll take you anywhere you want!
-All right!
-Thanks, Ben!
[engine halting]
Oh great,
now what?!
Let's go guys.
[in unison]
Mister Saito?
It appears you gentlemen had
quite a scuffle earlier.
Sorry about that.
You came all this way
to give us new suits?
[Saito] I had to! I didn't design the
suit you were just wearing.
There's no telling what sort of
dangerous features it contains.
Ah, sorry we ditched your cab, Ben.
Oh, don't worry about it!
This thing is way better than my ride.
I mean, I just drive
some dinky old taxi cab.
Your car does indeed suck.
Hey, watch your mouth,
squawk box!
Okay.
Shall I take us back to
Apollon Media?
Yes. But before we go,
we need to rendezvous with the others.
Right.
Oh! And on the way, you'll
finally get to meet my daughter.
Sounds good.
I wonder if we should ask Agnes,
for her help too.
She could broadcast the truth
about Maverick all over TV.
As soon as the world finds out,
he'll be finished.
-That's a great idea--!
-[Saito] Not going to happen!
--Sorry.
Huh?
I already tried.
I went to the studio.
What?
[unintelligible whispering]
Are you trying to tell me something
little man?!
[unintelligible whispering]
I have no idea what you're trying
to say to me, speak up.
If you don't leave me alone,
I'm going to have to call security!
[Saito] Her memories must
have been tampered with as well.
Dammit.
Too bad.
There are a few others we
could reach out to for help,
but we can't be certain
who else Maverick may have gotten to.
I guess that means we're gonna have to
settle this ourselves.
Hey Blue Rose, guess what!
We're heading over now!
And I've got Barnaby
with me too!
Uh, hello?
[Maverick] How unfortunate that it
has to come to this.
[Barnaby] Maverick!
Why do you have her comm unit?
Ah, Wild Tiger.
If only you had allowed
yourself to be captured,
none of your friends would
have had to get involved.
What the hell have
you done with them?
You have no need for concern.
Everyone's safe for now.
All the heroes,
and your daughter.
What did you just say?
You think I'm gonna let
you threaten my daughter?
You monster, she's
just a little girl!
The two of you have turned into
a massive liability for me.
I just can't have you boys
causing any more problems.
But you can save them all by
simply surrendering to me.
I will be waiting for
you at Justice Tower.
[grunts angrily]
Dammit!
He won't get away with it.
I won't allow it!
[Kotetsu] Justice Tower...
justice my ass!
Where am I?
What the...
What's going on?
I am gonna bitch slap
someone for this!
Hello? Hey!
Can anybody hear me out there?
Rise and shine, Miss Rose.
[gasp]
[male mechanical voice]
You have been expected.
Please, come inside.
Hold on.
We should be careful.
It might be a trap.
I don't care if it is.
Come on, there's no time to lose!
[female announcer] Welcome. And thank you
for choosing to visit Justice Tower.
We're happy to have
you as our guest.
This elevator will take you to
the rooftop observation deck
in the most exclusive section
of the tower, the Gold Stage.
Now arriving at
observation deck.
Why would he bring us
all the way up here?
[Saito]
Perfection!
I never expected
my invention to be used like this!
That's great, but I thought
their hero suits already had cameras.
Why bother using
that bug thing?
It's simple.
Communications between heroes are
relayed using a special private network
that's encrypted to prevent data
from being diverted to the wrong hands.
However, I've been unable
to access the network,
which indicates that Maverick
has seized control of it.
-Are you getting all this?
-Not really, no.
[microphone feedback]
Well then, I'll clarify!
It's simple: communications
between heroes are--
Let me guess; We can't use the
cameras on their suits, right?
How succinctly put.
Now, if we can learn
what's going on inside,
I'm hopeful that we may be able
to help rescue the other captive heroes.
Kaede! Where are you Kaede?
Kotetsu! Calm down!
How can I calm down
when he's got my girl?
It's my fault she's in danger.
Hey jackass, where the
hell is my daughter?
Easy now. We don't know
what kind of NEXT we're dealing with.
Don't just stand
there looking stupid.
Answer me!
[gasp]
Look at that!
What the hell is that thing?!
That's no NEXT...
He's a robot.
Weren't expecting that, eh?
It has been far too long, Barnaby.
[Barnaby]
Rotwang...
[laughs]
I suppose it must be quite a shock
to run into me again, huh?
Shut up!
Maverick, Where's Kaede?
I want to speak with her. Put her on!
Now now. You should be far more
concerned with your own fate.
What are you
talking about?
Do you really think I'm going to
let you leave here alive?
Oh please. I'll crush this
tin can in a second!
Will you? I don't know, you had quite
a difficult time battling sis.
And H-01 is even more
technologically advanced.
His power levels are
far beyond hers.
Your little hero pals
tried their best,
but even with their combined strength they
couldn't so much as put a dent in him.
[gasps]
How will you fare?
Now's your chance to
turn tail and run!
Screw you. And screw him!
Oh, that idiot!
Astounding.
Huh?
A fully operational battle
android? Impossible!
[Maverick] I was quite impressed by the
technology he employed
during the last android incident.
So I made a deal
with Dr. Rotwang.
I gave him this facility and
every resource he desired...
Now you see the fruits
of my labor: H-01!
I've finally created the ultimate being,
one that towers above the human race!
Maverick, what the hell are you
hoping to accomplish here?!
I've come to realize something.
Androids are the ideal embodiment
of justice in this world.
We have no need for you flawed
NEXT anymore.
H-01 will replace every
hero in this city.
A glorious new age will begin!
How dare you call this
hunk of junk a hero?
You must understand
how wondrous this is, Barnaby!
The day has come when robotics
will play a crucial role in society!
Your parents' dream has
finally come true--!
This wasn't their dream!
[Rotwang] You may fight him
together if you wish.
The data from this encounter
will be used for future development.
Unless you defeat H-01,
you can't save anyone.
Not this fair city.
Not one of your precious friends.
Not even your daughter.
[gasp]
Such a poor,
innocent girl.
None of this would've happened
if she didn't have you for a father.
Kaede, I swear I'll
get you out of this.
After that day, the villagers knew they
could count on the giant of the mountain
to protect them forever and ever. The end.
Read it again,
Daddy!
[laugh] That was the third time!
What's the matter, Mom?
All you need to know is that you
can count on your dad and me
to protect you forever and ever.
I won't let you get away
with this any longer!
Rise and shine, Miss Rose.
Who am I speaking to?
Where are the others?
What did you do with Kaede?
Never fear, the girl is safe.
Your friends on the other hand...
Oh thank goodness! I hope
everyone is all right!
Can someone explain
what is going on?!
I remember being defeated
by the fake Tiger...
You bastard! Let us out
of here or I'll end you!
Silence, you freaks!
I've locked you sub-human pieces
of garbage away in these cages
because that is where
animals belong.
[Rock Bison]
What'd you call us?
He's some kind of NEXT hater.
I've embraced the obvious, that
your era has come to an end!
Now surrender your title as protectors
of the city to H-01, the new hero!
[gasps]
[Blue Rose] H-01? You mean
the phony Tiger?
[Rock Bison]
You gotta be out of your mind!
That lousy pile of bolts could
never replace us!
That's a pretty ironic statement,
considering he easily defeated
every one of you!
No matter how strong that thing is,
androids are just mindless weapons
that rely on humans to control them!
You say that as if it's a bad thing.
Listen, you crazy bitch,
You shouldn't underestimate us heroes.
When we hear the cries of the
people, we feel their pain.
We even help criminals repent
and rehabilitate themselves.
No cold piece of
machinery can do that!
Yeah, he's right!
We're real heroes because
at our core we're humans with hearts!
I could never have
become a hero by myself.
I was only able to come this far because
of the bond I have with my friends!
Heh. Oh, you're
making me all teary.
If that's true,
then prove it!
If this "human heart" of yours is
really so special,
then why don't you show me?
A little demonstration
of your empathy.
What are you talking about?
Unfortunately you and your
pals are all going to die.
You see, those collars around
your necks are actually bombs
set to explode any moment now.
But I will spare one of your lives
if you pass a small test of your humanity.
Only the fastest
will make it.
If you want to be saved,
all you have to do is reach up
and flip the deactivation switch
on your collar.
However there is one catch...
The moment you flip your switch
everyone else will blow up!
Doesn't it sound fun?
You have until Tiger and
Barnaby are defeated by H-01.
The second they lose, all of you
costumed idiots will go "boom,"
if none of you has hit their switch.
And don't get any bright ideas!
If I catch any of you trying to use your
creepy powers to wriggle out of this,
I'll just blow you
up on the spot!
So what do you think? Do you still
have faith in your precious friendship?
Wouldn't it be much wiser to
betray your so-called friends
before one of them
betrays you, "heroes?"
Well, the game is set and
the players are ready.
The moment that Tiger and
Barnaby's fight begins,
your fight
begins as well.
[mad cackling]
Hold on!
Wait, dammit!
Is anyone there?
Let's do this.
I'm with you.